======================================
PickItUp: See that block?  Pick it up!
======================================

PickItUp allowes you to pick up and transport most blocks, including complex
ones like chests and furnaces.


The Basics
----------
While sneaking, right click with an empty hand will pick up a block.  The block
will not take up an inventory space, but will instead float in front of you,
ready to be placed.  Additionally, while you hold the block, you will not be
able to stop sneaking.

Right clicking again will place the block.  Don't forget that you're sneaking!
Open your doors BEFORE you Pick It Up!


Configuration
-------------
This mod uses a whitelist to determine what blocks can be picked up.  By
default, the list contains only vanilla blocks, but is fairly permissive.  It
tries to prevent skipping major milestones (iron+ pick, silk touch), disallows
problematic blocks (lilly pads are a pain to put down), and prevents outright
cheatiness (i.e. moving bedrock).  PickItUp also respects player edit
permissions, so it will not allow you to overcome spawn protection or
adventurer mode.

Nearly all mod blocks should transport just fine, but will need to be added to
the whitelist.  As always, take a backup of your world (or be ready to lose it)
before testing anything new, just to be safe.


API
---
Mod authors may wish to tweak PickItUp's behaviour for their blocks, e.g. to
ensure that they rotate into the proper position when placed.  PickItUp
provides two interfaces that can be used to customize its behaviour, both
in the pickitup.api package:

ISimplePickup
  This is the easy version, which only provides a hook for final tweaking after
  a block has been moved and exists in its new location.  You probably want
  this one for simple rotation fixes.

ICanBePickedUp
  This is the powerful version, which allows you to customize the entire
  pickup/putdown process.  No-op versions of all of its methods are available
  in the source code, for your convenience.


You can either register directly with pickitup.PickItUp.addHandler(anInstance)
or through IMC by sending this message to PickItUp:

``"addHandler": "NameOfYourHandlerClass"``

Note that if you use IMC, you must define a default (zero-argument) constructor
for the handler, so it can be instantiated.


**WARNING**: Only one handler will be used for each id/meta combination.  If
you need to override someone else's (including one of the default ones), you
can call pickitup.PickItUp.clearHandlers(id, meta) directly or send this IMC
message:

``"clearHandlers": new ItemStack(id, 0, meta)``
